src/calendar/layout_manager.go:415:6: unreachable func: NewLayoutEngine
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:487:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.LayoutMultiDayTasks
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:502:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.groupOverlappingTasks
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:559:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.tasksOverlap
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:570:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.tasksOverlapDirect
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:576:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.calculateGroupRows
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:619:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.layoutTaskGroup
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:664:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.findAvailableRow
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:681:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.createTaskBar
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:723:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.calculateXPosition
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:732:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.calculateYPosition
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:739:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.isTaskContinuation
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:745:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.isTaskStart
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:751:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.isTaskEnd
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:757:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.hasMonthBoundary
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:764:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.ProcessTasksWithSmartStacking
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:866:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.createIntegratedTaskBars
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:959:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.calculateVisualWeight
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1002:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.calculateProminenceScore
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1022:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.determineStackingPosition
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1054:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.calculateYPositionInStack
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1060:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.calculateTaskHeight
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1081:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.HandleMonthBoundary
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1099:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.splitTaskBarAtMonthBoundaries
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1144:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.GenerateLaTeX
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1158:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.groupTaskBarsByDay
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1171:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.generateDayLaTeX
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1191:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.generateTaskBarLaTeX
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1201:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.convertColorToLaTeX
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1221:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.ValidateLayout
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1252:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.barsOverlap
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1258:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.calculateIntegratedStatistics
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1313:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.generateRecommendations
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1354:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.ProcessMonthBoundaries
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1404:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.getNextMonth
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1411:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.getNextYear
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1418:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.getDefaultGridConstraints
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1433:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.calculateTaskDensity
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1453:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.countOverlaps
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1465:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.countConflicts
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1470:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.integratedBarsOverlap
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1481:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.applyBoundaryRules
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1486:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.applyTransitionRules
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1491:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.applyContinuityRules
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1496:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.createVisualConnections
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1501:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.calculateBoundaryMetrics
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1517:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.generateBoundaryRecommendations
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1527:6: unreachable func: getDefaultTaskRenderingConfig
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1741:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.GenerateIntegratedLaTeX
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1760:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.generateIntegratedTaskBarLaTeX
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1798:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.ProcessTasksWithValidation
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1835:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.filterValidTasks
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1856:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.GenerateCalendarLaTeX
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1873:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.GetLayoutStatistics
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1910:25: unreachable func: LayoutEngine.GetIntegratedStatistics
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:1946:29: unreachable func: LayoutStatistics.String
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2153:6: unreachable func: NewSpatialEngine
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2176:6: unreachable func: NewOverlapDetector
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2181:6: unreachable func: NewPositioningEngine
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2186:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateLayoutMetrics
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2218:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.generatePositioningRecommendations
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2258:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.SetPrecision
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2263:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.DetectOverlaps
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2309:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.groupOverlappingTasks
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2360:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.tasksOverlap
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2370:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.tasksOverlapDirect
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2376:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.detectGroupOverlaps
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2401:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.analyzeTaskOverlap
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2444:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.determineOverlapType
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2476:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateOverlapSeverity
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2506:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateOverlapPercentage
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2524:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.generateConflictInfo
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2561:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.maxTime
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2568:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.minTime
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2576:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.severityOrder
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2594:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateGroupStatistics
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2611:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.generateGroupResolution
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2636:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateAnalysisStatistics
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2661:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.generateAnalysisSummary
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2688:34: unreachable func: OverlapAnalysis.GetOverlapsBySeverity
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2701:34: unreachable func: OverlapAnalysis.GetOverlapsByType
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2714:34: unreachable func: OverlapAnalysis.HasCriticalOverlaps
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2719:34: unreachable func: OverlapAnalysis.GetOverlapCount
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2724:34: unreachable func: OverlapAnalysis.GetOverlappingTaskCount
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2729:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.PositionTasks
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2779:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.createIntegratedTaskBars
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2836:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateXPosition
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2842:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateInitialYPosition
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2853:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateTaskHeight
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2890:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.isTaskContinuation
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2894:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.isTaskStart
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2898:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.isTaskEnd
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2902:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.hasMonthBoundary
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2909:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.getDefaultGridConstraints
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2924:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.getDefaultVisualSettings
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2941:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.applyPositioningRules
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2962:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.applySpacingRules
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:2985:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.applyPositioningAction
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3019:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.applySpacingAction
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3038:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.snapToGrid
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3058:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.resolveCollisions
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3077:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.barsCollide
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3090:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.resolveCollision
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3096:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateDistance
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3110:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateTaskDensity
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3133:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.countOverlaps
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3146:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.countConflicts
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3152:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.barsOverlap
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3163:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.addDefaultAlignmentRules
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3198:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.addDefaultSpacingRules
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3217:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateUsedSpace
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3226:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateAlignmentScore
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3248:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateSpacingScore
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3273:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateVisualBalance
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3316:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateGridUtilization
src/calendar/layout_manager.go:3346:26: unreachable func: SpatialEngine.calculateAverageSpacing
src/calendar/stacking.go:246:6: unreachable func: NewStackingEngine
src/calendar/stacking.go:301:6: unreachable func: NewHeightCalculator
src/calendar/stacking.go:327:6: unreachable func: NewPositionCalculator
src/calendar/stacking.go:337:6: unreachable func: NewSpaceOptimizer
src/calendar/stacking.go:347:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.initializeDefaultRules
src/calendar/stacking.go:473:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.wouldCauseOverflow
src/calendar/stacking.go:488:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.StackTasks
src/calendar/stacking.go:541:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.StackTasksVertically
src/calendar/stacking.go:574:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.groupTasksByOverlap
src/calendar/stacking.go:600:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.createStackForGroup
src/calendar/stacking.go:683:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.determineStackingAction
src/calendar/stacking.go:705:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.determineStackType
src/calendar/stacking.go:738:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.hasCollision
src/calendar/stacking.go:748:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.tasksCollide
src/calendar/stacking.go:757:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.hasOverflow
src/calendar/stacking.go:762:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateCollisionCount
src/calendar/stacking.go:771:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateOverflowCount
src/calendar/stacking.go:780:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateSpaceEfficiency
src/calendar/stacking.go:794:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateVisualQuality
src/calendar/stacking.go:821:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.generateRecommendations
src/calendar/stacking.go:873:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.AddCustomRule
src/calendar/stacking.go:878:31: unreachable func: StackingResult.GetStacksByType
src/calendar/stacking.go:889:31: unreachable func: StackingResult.GetSummary
src/calendar/stacking.go:906:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.convertToVerticalStack
src/calendar/stacking.go:955:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateTaskHeight
src/calendar/stacking.go:987:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.assessContentComplexity
src/calendar/stacking.go:1008:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateVisualWeight
src/calendar/stacking.go:1033:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateVerticalPosition
src/calendar/stacking.go:1070:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.applyAlignmentMode
src/calendar/stacking.go:1106:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.applyDistributionMode
src/calendar/stacking.go:1142:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.determineAlignmentMode
src/calendar/stacking.go:1162:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.determineDistributionMode
src/calendar/stacking.go:1186:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.optimizeVerticalStacking
src/calendar/stacking.go:1206:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.needsCompression
src/calendar/stacking.go:1216:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.canExpand
src/calendar/stacking.go:1226:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.compressStack
src/calendar/stacking.go:1249:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.expandStack
src/calendar/stacking.go:1272:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.applyAdaptiveSpacing
src/calendar/stacking.go:1296:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.applySmartCollapsing
src/calendar/stacking.go:1318:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.recalculateStackPositions
src/calendar/stacking.go:1332:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateStackHeight
src/calendar/stacking.go:1342:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateStackSpaceEfficiency
src/calendar/stacking.go:1352:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateStackVisualBalance
src/calendar/stacking.go:1376:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateStackCollisionCount
src/calendar/stacking.go:1385:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateStackOverflowCount
src/calendar/stacking.go:1394:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateTotalHeight
src/calendar/stacking.go:1403:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateVerticalSpaceEfficiency
src/calendar/stacking.go:1413:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateVisualBalance
src/calendar/stacking.go:1427:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateVerticalCollisionCount
src/calendar/stacking.go:1436:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateVerticalOverflowCount
src/calendar/stacking.go:1445:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.calculateCompressionRatio
src/calendar/stacking.go:1466:27: unreachable func: StackingEngine.generateVerticalRecommendations
src/calendar/stacking.go:1511:39: unreachable func: VerticalStackingResult.GetStacksByAlignment
src/calendar/stacking.go:1522:39: unreachable func: VerticalStackingResult.GetStacksByDistribution
src/calendar/stacking.go:1533:39: unreachable func: VerticalStackingResult.GetSummary
src/calendar/stacking.go:1788:6: unreachable func: NewConflictResolutionEngine
src/calendar/stacking.go:1802:38: unreachable func: ConflictResolutionEngine.ResolveConflicts
src/calendar/stacking.go:2044:6: unreachable func: NewTaskPrioritizationEngine
src/calendar/stacking.go:2058:6: unreachable func: NewPriorityRanker
src/calendar/stacking.go:2066:6: unreachable func: NewVisibilityManager
src/calendar/stacking.go:2075:6: unreachable func: NewStackingOptimizer
src/calendar/stacking.go:2083:6: unreachable func: NewConflictCategorizer
src/calendar/stacking.go:2091:6: unreachable func: NewOverflowManager
src/calendar/stacking.go:2102:6: unreachable func: NewVisualConflictResolver
src/calendar/stacking.go:2111:6: unreachable func: NewCollisionDetector
src/calendar/stacking.go:2119:6: unreachable func: NewZIndexManager
src/calendar/stacking.go:2133:6: unreachable func: NewVisualOptimizer
src/calendar/stacking.go:2142:6: unreachable func: NewPriorityManagementEngine
src/calendar/stacking.go:2174:38: unreachable func: PriorityManagementEngine.PrioritizeTasks
src/calendar/stacking.go:2201:6: unreachable func: extractTaskIDs
src/calendar/stacking.go:2210:27: unreachable func: PriorityRanker.CalculatePriorityScores
src/calendar/stacking.go:2247:6: unreachable func: extractTaskIDsFromScores
src/core/collection.go:19:6: unreachable func: NewTaskCollection
src/core/collection.go:31:27: unreachable func: TaskCollection.AddTask
src/core/collection.go:58:27: unreachable func: TaskCollection.GetTask
src/core/collection.go:68:27: unreachable func: TaskCollection.GetAllTasks
src/core/collection.go:73:27: unreachable func: TaskCollection.GetTasksByCategory
src/core/collection.go:78:27: unreachable func: TaskCollection.GetTasksByStatus
src/core/collection.go:83:27: unreachable func: TaskCollection.GetTasksByAssignee
src/core/collection.go:88:27: unreachable func: TaskCollection.GetTasksByDateRange
src/core/collection.go:103:27: unreachable func: TaskCollection.GetTasksByDate
src/core/collection.go:118:27: unreachable func: TaskCollection.sortByDate
src/core/collection.go:134:6: unreachable func: NewTaskHierarchy
src/core/collection.go:144:26: unreachable func: TaskHierarchy.AddTask
src/core/collection.go:167:26: unreachable func: TaskHierarchy.GetRootTasks
src/core/collection.go:172:26: unreachable func: TaskHierarchy.GetChildren
src/core/collection.go:177:26: unreachable func: TaskHierarchy.GetParent
src/core/collection.go:182:26: unreachable func: TaskHierarchy.GetAncestors
src/core/collection.go:195:26: unreachable func: TaskHierarchy.GetDescendants
src/core/collection.go:217:6: unreachable func: NewCalendarLayout
src/core/collection.go:231:27: unreachable func: CalendarLayout.generateMonths
src/core/collection.go:247:27: unreachable func: CalendarLayout.generateWeeks
src/core/collection.go:264:27: unreachable func: CalendarLayout.GetMonths
src/core/collection.go:269:27: unreachable func: CalendarLayout.GetWeeks
src/core/collection.go:274:27: unreachable func: CalendarLayout.GetTasksForMonth
src/core/collection.go:289:27: unreachable func: CalendarLayout.GetTasksForWeek
src/core/reader.go:117:6: unreachable func: NewReaderWithOptions
src/core/reader.go:298:18: unreachable func: Reader.GetDateRange
src/core/reader.go:327:18: unreachable func: Reader.GetMonthsWithTasks
src/core/reader.go:471:18: unreachable func: Reader.ReadTasksStreaming
src/core/reader.go:547:6: unreachable func: GetSupportedDateFormats
src/core/reader.go:552:18: unreachable func: Reader.ValidateCSVFormat
src/core/task.go:169:6: unreachable func: GetCategory
src/core/task.go:196:6: unreachable func: GetAllCategories
src/core/task.go:222:6: unreachable func: NewTaskRenderer
src/core/task.go:237:16: unreachable func: Task.IsOnDate
src/core/task.go:251:16: unreachable func: Task.OverlapsWithDateRange
src/core/task.go:261:16: unreachable func: Task.GetDuration
src/core/task.go:271:16: unreachable func: Task.GetCategoryInfo
src/core/task.go:276:16: unreachable func: Task.IsOverdue
src/core/task.go:286:16: unreachable func: Task.IsUpcoming
src/core/task.go:297:16: unreachable func: Task.GetProgressPercentage
src/core/task.go:318:16: unreachable func: Task.String
src/core/validation.go:21:32: unreachable func: DataValidationError.Error
src/core/validation.go:34:6: unreachable func: NewDateValidator
src/core/validation.go:52:26: unreachable func: DateValidator.ValidateDateRanges
src/shared/templates/rendering.go:92:6: unreachable func: NewItemsGroup
src/shared/templates/rendering.go:99:21: unreachable func: ItemsGroup.Display
src/shared/templates/rendering.go:109:21: unreachable func: ItemsGroup.Delim
src/shared/templates/rendering.go:185:6: unreachable func: NewCellItem
src/shared/templates/rendering.go:189:20: unreachable func: CellItem.Select
src/shared/templates/rendering.go:194:20: unreachable func: CellItem.Selected
src/shared/templates/rendering.go:199:20: unreachable func: CellItem.Refer
src/shared/templates/rendering.go:204:20: unreachable func: CellItem.Display
